doc: fix formatting of 'unfair' in auction documentation 💅 (#554)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/concepts/introduction/fair-combinatorial-auction.md

# Fair Combinatorial Batch Auction

CoW Protocol collects and aggregates [intents](./intents) off-chain and auctions them off to [solvers](./solvers). The auction is combinatorial because each solver can submit multiple bids. A solver can submit multiple bids on individual orders, in which case each "bid" represents the best price this solver can provide to an individual order. However, a solver can also submit "batched" bids, that is, bids on groups of orders.

> The protocol removes any "unfair" batched bids - ones that would give an order a worse outcome than a regular, single bid. Then, from the remaining options, it picks the mix of bids that gives traders the most total value possible, while staying within the system's computational limits.

Reviewer: Would this work?
```suggestion
The protocol removes any "unfair" batched bids - ones that would give an order a worse outcome than some reference bid. Then, from the remaining options, it picks the mix of bids that gives traders the most total value possible, while staying within the system's computational limits.
```
@acanidio-econ

Reviewer 2: the previous paragraph talks about "bid on individual orders" (which is not 100% correct but I guess it is fine here). So how about: "The protocol removes any "unfair" batched bids - ones that would give an order a worse outcome than an available bid on only that order"

Reviewer 2: "The protocol removes any "unfair" batched bids - ones that would give an order a worse outcome than a reference bid. In most cases, the reference bid for an order is simply the best available bid containing only that order (for the general case, see [with the correct reference to the more technical explanation]"

CoW Protocol collects and aggregates [intents](./intents) off-chain and auctions them off to [solvers](./solvers). The auction is combinatorial because each solver can submit multiple bids. A solver can submit multiple bids on individual orders, in which case each "bid" represents the best price this solver can provide to an individual order. However, a solver can also submit "batched" bids, that is, bids on groups of orders. 

> The protocol filters out ''unfair'' batched bids, which are those delivering less to an order than some available "non-batched" bids. It then selects the combination of winning bids that maximizes the surplus received by the orders that are part of the auction (subject to some computational constraints due to the combinatorial nature of the problem).

Reviewer 3: hard to understand: consider changing to: The protocol removes any "unfair" batched bids - ones that would give an order a worse outcome than a regular, single bid. Then, from the remaining options, it picks the mix of bids that gives traders the most total value possible, while staying within the system's computational limits.
